ah
i'm back he was the greediest man alive
it's ebenezer scrooge
until the night he met someone
extraordinary
hello the muppet christmas carol
i'll drink to mr scrooge even though he
is odious
and stingy and badly dressed
oh there goes
do you think it's safe for us to be up
here
the winner would beat him yes mr crouch
if you please mr scrooge any bookkeeping
staff would like to have an extra shovel
full of coal for the fire
how would the bookkeepers like to be
suddenly unemployed
[Music]
it's charles dickens classic tale
as only the muppets can tell it it's
good to be heckling again
it's good to be doing anything again
filled with holiday warmth
hey hey hey like the lamb not the rat
like the lamb and christmas spirit
jacob molly
oh that's scary stuff should we be
worried about the kids in the audience
that's all right this is culture this is
the movie to see
to share to cherish with someone you
love
thank you for making me a part of this
walt disney pictures presents
from jim henson productions the muppet
christmas carol
god bless us everyone whatever